It might be cleaner to not represent Rests explicitly, but rather to let notes
have an IOI (which would include the rest's duration) as well as a duration.

A very different (and more cognitively plausible) approach would be to go left-
to-right, building up a phrase structure as we go. This would have the advantage
of weighting the initial material, which is almost always the most important
phrase. It would avoid randomly walking into weird phrase-structure space and
then trying to course-correct back to something sensible.

What we're getting from the phrase detection isn't sufficient to do composition
in the way I was expecting. It doesn't draw correspondences between phrases. If
we were to track correspondences, we could use that to perform similar 
operations on groups of phrases.  E.g., if two phrases are highly similar and 
we're exploring tactics, we should perform the same tactic on both of them.

It still surprises the hell out of of me that this isn't TRIVIAL. "My Bonnie 
lies over the ocean" is practically verbatim AAAA BA'BA'.  Why isn't that a
trivial win?

It's remarkable to me that both meter detection and phrase detection are 
relying heavily on BSMs, yet don't share information, and rely on totally 
separate algorithms. They both depend on structure, and both seem likely to 
benefit from a more sophisticated analysis of the BSM.
	- what do squares mean?
	- what do think vert/horiz stripes mean?

Phrase List Scoring
	- It could be helpful to run the listeners and incorporate surprise into
	  DistInterval.
	- Similarity is currently looked at on a note-by-note basis. But phrases
	  exhibit patterns of similarity that are not evident in simple note-by-note
	  comparisons.
		- Instead of looking at overall phrase duration and penalizing the outliers,
		  we could view duration as a property of phrase. It's not that we want to
		  penalize outliers from the mean; it's more that we want to penalize 
		  phrases which bear no similarity (including duration) to others.
		- What kinds of properties do phrases have? Overall duration, overall 
		  contour/shape, weighted pitch class set, duration set, 1st order markov
		  stats, surprise
	- Change the way similarity factors into scoring. Right now, the algorithm 
	  is filtering low similarity scores and summing the remainder. That means 
	  that a phrase candidate with mediocre similarity to every other phrase is
	  treated just as high as a phrase with above-average similarity to exactly
	  one other phrase.
	- Don't let there be instances of phrase candidates A,B (consecutively) and
	  then multiple other occurances of A,B (consecutively). These are probably
	  a single phrase that's has two different endings. [this rule is too black-
	  and-white, and would lump the entire Blues verse into a single phrase.]

Refactor beat_position to just point to / contain a meter
